1 -. By using MPopular, you agree to adhere to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
2 -. MPopular is a free non-profit.
3 -. The data entered by the user will not be given, nor disclosed to third parties or posted on websites other than MPopular.
4 -. As a condition of your use of MPopular, you declare that all information in their social networks is true and accurate and maintain the accuracy of such information.
5 -. MPopular is owned by Jhonny Juncal Gonzalez, and no modifications are allowed, nor duplicate, nor the sale of the same.
6 -. Your account may be terminated and permanently deleted at any time.
7 -. You agree not to use the service, under false names or impersonate someone else.
8 -. Protecting your privacy is very important.
9 -. MPopular is committed to respecting your privacy and your desire to protect personal information you share with MPopular.
10 -. We are dedicated to protecting your personal information.
11 -. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify or cancel any and all services, without notice.
12 -. Any use in violation of any law, regulation, governmental request, or court order.
13 -. You may not use that promotes or provides instructional information about illegal activities, promote physical harm or injury against any group or individual, or promote any act that violates the common good.
14 -. Any use that infringes or violates any patent, copyright, trademark, right of privacy or publicity or any other rights of industrial or intellectual property of any person or entity.
15 -. It is prohibited to impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state affiliation, connection or association with it, including, without limitation, any of the entities MPopular.
16 -. Is prohibited to transmit or distribute data obtained from other users MPopular.
17 -. You may not sell or attempt to resell any service or content.
18 -. It is prohibited to obtain or attempt to obtain unauthorized access to any service, profile or account information, for commercial purposes (without authorization MPopular), illegal, libelous or scandalous.
19 -. Any use that promotes or solicits involvement in or support of worship, religion or sect.
20 -. You acknowledge and agree that you assume all risks associated with use or reliance on the service and content.
21 -. If we have any notice of the service, we will inform you by posting a notice on the application.
22 -. If you have any comments or questions about the application or service, you must contact us by email.
21 -. By using MPopular you acknowledge and agree that we may use your mobile number or email address, to suggest connections, to verify your identity and to prevent unauthorized use.
22 -. All information provided by you will be stored on a secure database and that information is encrypted and sent securely.
